[docs] Update config docs to add "privacy": "private" (#8694)
expo/expo: docs/pages/workflow/configuration.md

### `"privacy"`

> If not provided, defaults to `unlisted`. `unlisted` hides the project from search results. `private` restricts access to only the owner and other users that have been granted access. Valid values: `public`, `unlisted`, `private`.

Author: ```suggestion
If not provided, defaults to `unlisted`. `unlisted` hides the project from search results. `hidden` restricts access to the project page to only the owner and other users that have been granted access. Valid values: `public`, `unlisted`, `hidden`.
```
